# README #

An application to visualize spatialized audio from multiple sources at once. Created by Michael Tumminia, Kyle Hoang, Jake Dawley, and Allie Montiague for 

### What license are these demos shipped under? ###
Like the rest of the Unity open source projects, everything in this repository is released under an MIT/X11 license.

### Instructions for Setup ###
1. Clone/Download the repository.
2. Download Unity Hub.
3. In Unity Hub, select Add > Add Project from Disk. In the file window, select the directory of where the repository is downloaded.
4. Install the necessary unity editor version.
5. Open the Project with Unity Editor.
6. Locate Build Settings and ensure the Build Settings is compatible with your personal device.
7. Build and Run the Project. The first targeted scene in the build list should be "3D Audio Visualizer". If for some reason you can't get the file to build, there should be an .exe created using the latest build in the build folder.
NOTE: the controls to move are using W, A, S, and D combined with holding the shift button at the same time. Also, there is no stem pre-selected for any of the blocks, you must first choose one before playing the audio.

### Please Note ###
The audio files for the song by Clonee are individual stems generated by an AI tool. It was the intention that these could be played around the user simultaneously to generate a full song, but because the individual stems were created using a free tool, the audio quality is lacking compared to the other files.

### 3 Design consideratons for users ###
1. A simple design choice to not overload users was to directly load them into the environment and keep the sound choice/movement controls on screen. The users are loaded in with no sounds playing initially so that they can positon and select the sounds they want.
2. To enhance the users' visualization experience, a spectrogram is shown in the top right corner of the screen at all times, while an 8 band visualizer can be found within the game map, and another audio visualzier circles the user.
3. Within the UI for the user, a choice was made to automatically pause an audio file when it is coordinates are changed which we found intuitive. Also, there is a "play all" button, which allows users to, for example, play multiple stems from the same song in sync or pause them at the same time.